my personal back was a jerk
[Music]
this is my connects has 93 pieces and
it's motorized with two double-a
batteries
I can't wait to see this thing move
let's get to it
let's get this sucker open wait she
really is a sucker he's got your brain
zombie together look at his little
spiffy tie if he wasn't half-dead I
probably ate this boy alright I got a
reading glasses for the instructions
whoa
these pictures are big I guess I don't
need them with a second step we actually
use the remote control and here we go
[Music]
now let's build the helmet my sight now
let's clip on now here we go can I
borrow this
I need it for the antenna that's one
dirty antenna it's a P antenna boom now
it's time for the batteries on the
remote there's two controls one fours
and one backward now let's try some
place demolition
wait a minute we should do it the right
way here we go a giant ladybug I have an
idea
my personal massagers yeah